Oh, please. Don't you know that this store belongs to Lewis Group?
We wouldn't sell it to someone like you.
Amber, you're not even a branch manager yet. You don't get to speak on behalf of Lewis Group.
Could you please tell me more about this dress?
Of course. It was custom-made for Laura Lewis,
harassed to the Lewis Group fortune, and stitched in Italy, naturally.
And apparently there are many more like at this point.
High-end stores and museums around the world from her private collection.
Laura, do you like this dress?
Of course. It's custom-made for me. I'm just here to take what's already mine.
You can't be serious. There must be millions of Laura Lewis's out there in the world.
Fine, fine. If it's not for sale, can't I at least try it on? It would look incredible on me.
Miss, this dress is very delicate. If I may be frank,
I don't think this would fit you properly.
Are you calling me fat?
Actually, what a second thought. Why don't we just buy the whole brand? How's that sound?
Sir, are you serious? You would just buy the entire brand for one dress.
This brand is worth at least $50 million and to buy it for a waitress?
Are you out of your mind?
Yes. You see, even if you had the money, they wouldn't sell it to you.
Just one second. Yes. This is Brian Shepherd.
CEO Shepherd Group.
I'd like to speak with you ahead of work positions.
I'm interested in purchasing your high-fashioned brand. What?